I idolize a particular hero of my faith and constantly refer to that person's deeds and example.
I can find common ground between the fiercest enemies, empathizing with them and always working toward peace.
I see omens in every event and action. The gods try to speak to us, we just need to listen.
Nothing can shake my optimistic attitude.
I quote (or misquote) the sacred texts and proverbs in almost every situation.
I am tolerant (or intolerant) of other faiths and respect (or condemn) the worship of other gods.
I've enjoyed fine food, drink, and high society among my temple's elite. Rough living grates on me.
I've spent so long in the temple that I have little practical experience dealing with people in the outside world.
I fall in and out of love easily, and am always pursuing someone.
I have a joke for every occasion, especially occasions where humor is inappropriate.
Flattery is my preferred trick for getting what I want.
I'm a born gambler who can't resist taking a risk for a potential payoff.
I lie about almost everything, even when there's no good reason to.
Sarcasm and insults are my weapons of choice.
I keep multiple holy symbols on me and invoke whatever deity might come in useful at any given moment.
I pocket anything I see that might have some value.
I always have plan for what to do when things go wrong.
I am always calm, no matter what the situation. I never raise my voice or let my emotions control me.
The first thing I do in a new place is note the locations of everything valuable--or where such things could be hidden.
I would rather make a new friend than a new enemy.
I am incredibly slow to trust. Those who seem the fairest often have the most to hide.
I don't pay attention to the risks in a situation. Never tell me the odds.
The best way to get me to do something is to tell me I can't do it.
I blow up at the slightest insult.
I know a story relevant to almost every situation.
Whenever I come to a new place, I collect local rumors and spread gossip.
I'm a hopeless romantic, always searching for that 'special someone'.
Nobody stays angry at me or around me for long, since I can defuse any amount of tension.
I love a good insult, even one directed at me.
I get bitter if I'm not the center of attention.
I'll settle for nothing less than perfection.
I change my mood or my mind as quickly as I change key in a song.
I judge people by their actions, not their words.
If someone is in trouble, I'm always willing to lend help.
When I set my mind to something, I follow through no matter what gets in my way.
I have a strong sense of fair play and always try to find the most equitable solution to arguments.
I'm confident in my own abilities and do what I can to instill confidence in others.
Thinking is for other people. I prefer action.
I misuse long words in an attempt to sound smarter.
I get bored easily. When am I going to get on with my destiny.
I believe that everything worth doing is worth doing right. I can't help it--I'm a perfectionist.
I'm a snob who looks down on those who can't appreciate fine art.
I always want to know how things work and what makes people tick.
I'm full of witty aphorisms and have a proverb for every occasion.
I'm rude to people who lack my commitment to hard work and fair play.
I like to talk at length about my profession.
I don't part with my money easily and will haggle tirelessly to get the best deal possible.
I'm well known for my work, and I want to make sure everyone appreciates it. I'm always taken aback when people haven't heard of me.
I've been isolated for so long that I rarely speak, preferring gestures and the occasional grunt.
I am utterly serene, even in the face of disaster.
The leader of my community has something wise to say on every topic, and I am eager to share that wisdom.
I feel tremendous empathy for all who suffer.
I'm oblivious to etiquette and social expectations.
I connect everything that happens to me to a grand cosmic plan.
I often get lost in my own thoughts and contemplations, becoming oblivious to my surroundings.
I am working on a grand philosophical theory and love sharing my ideas.
My eloquent flattery makes everyone I talk to feel like the most wonderful and important person in the world.
The common folk love me for my kindness and generosity.
No one could doubt by looking at my regal bearing that I am a cut above the unwashed masses.
I take great pains to always look my best and follow the latest fashions.
I don't like to get my hands dirty, and I won't be caught dead in unsuitable accommodations.
Despite my birth, I do not place myself above other folk. We all have the same blood.
My favor, once lost, is lost forever.
If you do me an injury, I will crush you, ruin your name, and salt your fields.
I'm driven by a wanderlust that led me away from home.
I watch over my friends as if they were a litter of newborn pups.
I once ran twenty-five miles without stopping to warn my clan of an approaching orc horde. I'd do it again if I had to.
I have a lesson for every situation, drawn from observing nature.
I place no stock in wealthy or well-mannered folk. Money and manners won't save you from a hungry owlbear.
I'm always picking things up, absently fiddling with them, and sometimes accidentally breaking them.
I feel far more comfortable around animals than people.
I was, in fact, raised by wolves.
I use polysyllabic words to convey the impression of great erudition.
I've read every book in the world's greatest libraries--or like to boast that I have.
I'm used to helping out those who aren't as smart as I am, and I patiently explain anything and everything to others.
There's nothing I like more than a good mystery.
I'm willing to listen to every side of an argument before I make my own judgment.
I...speak...slowly...when talking...to idiots...which...almost...everyone...is...compared...to me.
I am horribly, horribly awkward in social situations.
I'm convinced that people are always trying to steal my secrets.
My friends know they can rely on me, no matter what.
I work hard so that I can play hard when the work is done.
I enjoy sailing into new ports and making new friends over a flagon of ale.
I stretch the truth for the sake of a good story.
To me, a tavern brawl is a nice way to get to know a new city.
I never pass up a friendly wager.
My language is as foul as an otyugh nest.
I like a job well done, especially if I can convince someone else to do it.
I'm always polite and respectful.
I'm haunted by memories of war. I can't get the images of violence out of my mind.
I've lost too many friends, and I'm slow to make new ones.
I'm full of inspiring and cautionary tales from my military experience relevant to almost every combat situation.
I can stare down a hellhound without flinching.
I enjoy being strong and like breaking things.
I have a crude sense of humor.
I face problems head-on. A simple direct solution is the best path to success.
I hide scraps of food and trinkets away in my pockets.
I ask a lot of questions.
I like to squeeze into small places where no one else can get to me.
I sleep with my back to a wall or tree, with everything I own wrapped in a bundle in my arms.
I eat like a pig and have bad manners.
I think anyone who's nice to me is hiding evil intent.
I don't like to bathe.
I bluntly say what other people are hinting or hiding.
Always bored
Angry drunk
Annoyingly Cryptic
Avant-garde
Bigoted
Bloody-Minded
Boastful
Bookworm
Bossy
Bully
Calculating
Can-do attitude
Chatterbox
Chirpy
Collects small animals
Compulsive Liar
Condescending
Conniving
Conspiracy theorist
Creep
Decadent
Ditz
Egomaniac
Exquisite dresser
Extravagant
Fanatically loyal
Fast-talker
Femme Fatale
Fiercely ambitious
Fits of melancholy
Flamboyant
Folksy Wisdom
Gossip
Hard-boiled
Hears voices
Hillbilly
Hothead
Hypochondriac
Iconoclast
Idealistic
Illiterate
Incredibly persistent
Insightful observer
Into crystals
Jack of all Trades
Jerk
Klutz
Knows everybody
Life of the party
Love-struck
Mad genius
Magnetic Personality
Manic
Master Orator
Militantly Vegan
Misanthrope
Miser
Mopey
Naïve
Nerd
No-nonsense
Obsessive
Old Fart
Overeducated
Paranoid
Perfect Manners
Pouty
Power-hungry
Prickly
Proselytizer
Ruthless
Sadist
Self-destructive
Self-important
Self-pitying
Senile
Serene
Shameless Flirt
Slacker
Slimy
Slovenly
Snarky
Snitch
Snob
Social butterfly
Sophist
Spacey
Terrible memory
Thick
Toady
Totally unreliable
Twitchy
Vain
Vengeful
Village idiot
Well-Travelled
Whiner
Wild Child
Wisecracking
World-weary
This NPC's pockets are filled with a seemingly infinite supply of sunflower seeds. They discreetly spit the hulls into their hand and toss them when they think no one's watching.
This NPC also dreams of being an adventurer, but their parents, spouse, drinking buddies, etc. keep talking them out of it. They are constantly sneaking peeks at your armor and weaponry, trying to hide their jealousy.
This NPC is very religious. One of the daily prayers is coming up, and they really want this conversation to end so they can make their way to the temple.
This NPC occasionally sneaks sips from a leather-wrapped hip flask. If they like the player, they'll offer them a nip. It's the vilest bathtub moonshine imaginable.
This NPC smacks their lips way, way, way too often.
This NPC starts laughing out of nowhere. When questioned, they say that they just remembered a joke about a freshly plucked harpy that isn't suitable for polite company.
This NPC is a sailor on shore leave. They're trying to pack in as much drinking, gambling, and general chicanery as possible before their crew sets sail.
This NPC loves to garden. Their fingernails are always caked in dirt, and they occasionally have bits of twigs stuck in their hair.
This NPC has a beloved dog that follows them everywhere. The dog likes snuffling for treats in strangers' pockets.
The NPC writes pulpy stories on the side. They're always jotting down notes on a little slate tablet, and will do nearly anything to witness something grim, gritty, or grisly.
This NPC just moved into town from a distant land, and everyone thinks they don't know the local language. In reality, they just don't like chatting.
This NPC was born in a distant town. Their wagon broke down while passing through town, and they decided to just live there instead of fixing it. The wagon is still there, with a single broken axle.
This NPC has lived alone for years, meditating on the purpose of the multiverse. They came back once they found it.
This NPC is absolutely obsessed with foraging. They can identify every local plant, know exactly where to find it, and can cook it to perfection.
This NPC has a strange accent and refuses to tell the party where they picked it up.
This NPC has read every book in town, but never traveled beyond its borders. They think they're ready for anything.
This NPC is known across the region for their honesty. Gamblers regularly come into town just so the NPC can deal with their high-stakes games.
This NPC has a shed on the edge of their property, where they tinker late into the night.
This NPC has an uncanny ability to predict the weather. They often guide the conversation towards temperatures and cloud movements.
This NPC's jerky recipe is the pride of the town. They're always willing to buy or trade for fresh meat from the party's adventures.
This NPC looks severe and talks in a sneering voice, but is actually kind-hearted and generous.
This NPC has nine children, with another on the way. They'd do nearly anything for a night of peace and quiet.
This NPC has good taste. They quickly pick out the little flourishes in the party's equipment and sincerely compliment subtle details.
This NPC has OCD and is constantly trying to organize things.
This NPC has no sense of direction and will always go the wrong way.
This NPC is fixated on having the newest cutting edge gadgets, many of which don't work as advertised.
This NPC never seems to be paying attention but can recite back anything said to him/her/them word-for-word.
This NPC has a lifelong bird watching list and will drop everything to see a bird not on the list.
This NPC Whenever someone changes the topic from what they were talking about, they say, "Uh huh. Anyway..." before returning to what they were saying.
This NPC peppers their speech with words from other languages.
This NPC habitually whistles a tune, a sort of personal theme song.
This NPC has been learning a new instrument / writing on their next song, and insists on having the PCs listen to what they've been working on.
This NPC prefers if they're the only one holding any sharp tool / weapon in the room, and will insist on handling anything that requires a knife themselves.
This NPC has a bit of satyr blood in them, so when speaking they have a goat-like stu-u-u-tter.
This NPC is overly secretive of their books / folders, even if they're of no high importance, like their diary.
This NPC never swears.
This NPC swears every other sentence.
This NPC assumes the worst out of any situation presented to them, even something as nice as a picnic could have disastrous effects in their eyes.
This NPC goes starkly silent around anyone they find remotely attractive.
This NPC talks relentlessly to fill the awkward silence, even if they would like to shut up, around anyone they find remotely attractive.
This NPC constantly reminisces about the golden ages or the 'good old days', even if the period they're alluding to wasn't that great.
This NPC is scared of gore and faints at the sight of blood.
This NPC needs to wear a certain piece of jewelry or clothing in order to feel comfortable or safe.
This NPC comments on things they observe in others out loud. Even observations most would keep to themselves.
This NPC loves gossiping and any piece of juicy info, or just has a constant curiosity in the goings on of others.
This NPC has a tendency to spill secrets, theirs and others', though they don't mean to.
This NPC melts and coos at the sight of any remotely 'cute' animal, from cats to dogs to fluffy and lethal owlbears.
This NPC has selective mutism. As a result, they have a few different ways of communicating non-verbally whenever they need to.
This NPC loves to hear themself talk, and always finds a way to insert their personal stories into a conversation.
This NPC loves listening to people talking about their interest, and even if they're not particularly interested in the object of discussion, will ask follow-up questions.
This NPC has an unhealthy obsession for tea, drinking an unacceptable amount every day.
This NPC is literate, and considers grammar vital for one's success. They will correct and be annoyed by PCs if they're not speaking prope
This NPC often loses their train of thought and tends to quickly jump from one topic to the next.
This NPC tells inappropriate jokes at the WORST times.
This NPC has an interesting story for every occasion. Sometimes, these stories tend to drag on for way too long.
This NPC cannot stand the ocean, or any body of water. They are DEATHLY afraid of the open sea.
This NPC is very religious and typically likes to adorn their clothing with symbols of their God/Goddess.
This NPC wants everyone to think they are an intellectual. They sometimes use big words to sound smart, but they don't always know what they mean.
This NPC is very jumpy, and can easily be frightened by loud noises or someone walking up behind them.
This NPC sounds sweet but is very passive-aggressive and judgmental, bless their heart.
This NPC keeps food in their pockets to feed wildlife.
This NPC has a hobby that they are very happy to tell you about if you show even the slightest hint of interest.
This NPC is on a diet and is very envious of anyone around them eating delicious food or drink.
This NPC is never idle; they can’t just sit and do nothing. They’re usually busy doing something: reading a book, whittling, gathering flowers, etc.
This NPC is paranoid, by pretty much anything and anyone. There is always a conspiracy brewing somewhere that involves them.
This NPC is patient —too patient for their own good.
This NPC is a neat freak, they love to clean. When someone meets them, they’re usually seen with a broom or a cloth, cleaning something or another.
This NPC loves to ponder the big questions: who are we and why are we here?
This NPC loves to cook and will always offer food to her guests, even if they decline her offer.
This NPC is fascinated by phrenology, and desperately wants to measure the heads of every creature she meets.
The NPC is gruff and taciturn except when talking to kids because they remind him of his own kids.
The NPC can't handle their alcohol. The NPC also loves to indulge.
The NPC can't stand being wrong and will try to destroy every reasoning that could show them this. If proven wrong, the NPC will sulk for days on end.
The NPC is always doing something with their hands out of nervousness: braiding hair, thrumming fingers on the table, picking at the hem of their shirt.
The NPC is an unabashed flirt but will freeze up if approached first.
The NPC does not believe in magic and will not believe in magic even if someone invokes Tiamat in front of them.
This NPC seems tired and talks and walks slowly and kind of in a slumber.
This NPC tries to give the PC advice in the form of sayings from his home country. Sometimes they fit, sometimes they don´t.
This NPC tends to daydream. Sometimes he seems far off and is not listening. Even when he seems to listen closely, he asks to repeat the last part.
This NPC dislikes violence, but understands that some problems can´t be solved any other way. He may ask for the PCs to come up with a non-violent solution.
This NPC distrusts everyone and everything and is pleasantly surprised when something happens just as promised or discussed.
The NPC is on a quest to find rare and elusive potion making ingredients. They regularly turn up with new injuries.
This NPC doesn't believe in elves.
They, the NPC, have been mandated by a nature goddess to find and categorize every type of mushroom. They categorize them very badly, and should not be trusted to make meals.
The NPC is a ten thousand year old dragon in disguise, just havin' a right giggle at causing all sorts of trouble.
The NPC is always trying to trip on magic mushrooms and they try to hide the fact.
This NPC has an intense distrust for the city guard.
This NPC is fidgety and frequently looks at the sky or ceiling to check for monsters.
This NPC sees any new piece of information as a potential deception.
This NPC is quick to get into fights in order to test their own strength.
This NPC is not content unless they are the most extravagantly dressed person in the room.
This NPC is incredibly helpful, whether you want them to be or not.
This NPC often speaks in riddles or rhymes and making sense of it all can be quite challenging.
This NPC follows rules to the letter even when it inconveniences them and everyone around them.
This NPC speaks to everyone in a calm but condescending voice almost as if they were speaking to a child.
This NPC treats their tools/vehicle with more love and affection than their own family.
This NPC gives everyone a nickname and refuses to learn their real names.
This NPC is always carrying food on a stick, and if asked, will highly recommend the dubious stall they got it from.
This NPC insists on carrying things too heavy for them, or taking care of delicate objects they invariably break, or watching over valuables they will definitely lose.
This NPC sleeps all day and stays up all night.
