I judge others harshly, and myself even more severely.
I put too much trust in those who wield power within my temple's hierarchy.
My piety sometimes leads me to blindly trust those that profess faith in my god.
I am inflexible in my thinking.
I am suspicious of strangers and suspect the worst of them.
Once I pick a goal, I become obsessed with it to the detriment of everything else in my life.
I can't resist a pretty face.
I'm always in debt. I spend my ill-gotten gains on decadent luxuries faster than I bring them in.
I'm convinced that no one could ever fool me in the way I fool others.
I'm too greedy for my own good. I can't resist taking a risk if there's money involved.
I can't resist swindling people who are more powerful than me.
I hate to admit it and will hate myself for it, but I'll run and preserve my own hide if the going gets tough.
When I see something valuable, I can't think about anything but how to steal it.
When faced with a choice between money and my friends, I usually choose the money.
If there's a plan, I'll forget it. If I don't forget it, I'll ignore it.
I have a 'tell' that reveals when I'm lying.
I turn tail and run when things go bad.
An innocent person is in prison for a crime that I committed. I'm okay with that.
I'll do anything to win fame and renown.
I'm a sucker for a pretty face.
A scandal prevents me from ever going home again. That kind of trouble seems to follow me around.
I once satirized a noble who still wants my head. It was a mistake that I will likely repeat.
I have trouble keeping my true feelings hidden. My sharp tongue lands me in trouble.
Despite my best efforts, I am unreliable to my friends.
The tyrant who rules my land will stop at nothing to see me killed.
I'm convinced of the significance of my destiny, and blind to my shortcomings and the risk of failure.
The people who knew me when I was young know my shameful secret, so I can never go home again.
I have a weakness for the vices of the city, especially hard drink.
Secretly, I believe that things would be better if I were a tyrant lording over the land.
I have trouble trusting in my allies.
I'll do anything to get my hands on something rare or priceless.
I'm quick to assume that someone is trying to cheat me.
No one must ever learn that I once stole money from guild coffers.
I'm never satisfied with what I have--I always want more.
I would kill to acquire a noble title.
I'm horribly jealous of anyone who outshines my handiwork. Everywhere I go, I'm surrounded by rivals.
Now that I've returned to the world, I enjoy its delights a little too much.
I harbor dark bloodthirsty thoughts that my isolation failed to quell.
I am dogmatic in my thoughts and philosophy.
I let my need to win arguments overshadow friendships and harmony.
I'd risk too much to uncover a lost bit of knowledge.
I like keeping secrets and won't share them with anyone.
I secretly believe that everyone is beneath me.
I hide a truly scandalous secret that could ruin my family forever.
I too often hear veiled insults and threats in every word addressed to me, and I'm quick to anger.
I have an insatiable desire for carnal pleasures.
In fact, the world does revolve around me.
By my words and actions, I often bring shame to my family.
I am too enamored of ale, wine, and other intoxicants.
There's no room for caution in a life lived to the fullest.
I remember every insult I've received and nurse a silent resentment toward anyone who's ever wronged me.
I am slow to trust members of other races
Violence is my answer to almost any challenge.
Don't expect me to save those who can't save themselves. It is nature's way that the strong thrive and the weak perish.
I am easily distracted by the promise of information.
Most people scream and run when they see a demon. I stop and take notes on its anatomy.
Unlocking an ancient mystery is worth the price of a civilization.
I overlook obvious solutions in favor of complicated ones.
I speak without really thinking through my words, invariably insulting others.
I can't keep a secret to save my life, or anyone else's.
I follow orders, even if I think they're wrong.
I'll say anything to avoid having to do extra work.
Once someone questions my courage, I never back down no matter how dangerous the situation.
Once I start drinking, it's hard for me to stop.
I can't help but pocket loose coins and other trinkets I come across.
My pride will probably lead to my destruction
The monstrous enemy we faced in battle still leaves me quivering with fear.
I have little respect for anyone who is not a proven warrior.
I made a terrible mistake in battle that cost many lives--and I would do anything to keep that mistake secret.
My hatred of my enemies is blind and unreasoning.
I obey the law, even if the law causes misery.
I'd rather eat my armor than admit when I'm wrong.
If I'm outnumbered, I always run away from a fight.
Gold seems like a lot of money to me, and I'll do just about anything for more of it.
I will never fully trust anyone other than myself.
I'd rather kill someone in their sleep than fight fair.
I killed my family.
I have an obvious tell when I lie.
Nobody can know anything about my history, as they will inevitably use it against me.
I always keep a hand on my coin purse, and my weapon
I always position myself so that I can see everyone, and every entrance and exit in the room.
Paranoid doesn't even begin to describe me.
I let down my guard around friends, and am usually unprepared if anything happens.
I rely on my friends for almost everything, because I don't trust myself.
I don't have any flaws. I am perfect (In my eyes).
I'm the smartest one here, and don't let anyone else tell you otherwise.
I can't stand still for longer than ten seconds.
I find it hard to concentrate on one thing, and often find my mind wandering.
I am invincible!
I am mortal. Everything and Everything can kill me. Please help.
I have crippling depression, but I try to hide it.
I seem to lose everything good in my life.I am hesitant about new things.
I'm not trustworthy, and I don't like it when people depend on me.
I try and save everyone, even if they are a lost cause.
I have nightmares about a mistake I made, and have vowed never to let it happen again.
I will often take anything valuable that isn't bolted down. And some things that are.
I'm horribly awkward in social situations, despite my best efforts.
I'm afraid to spend money. What if I need it later?
It's not stealing if I need it more than someone else.
People who don't take care of themselves get what they deserve.
I always take charge of the situation, especially when someone else is meant to.
I am extremely jealous of everyone for one thing or another.
I don't take orders well. I work alone.
I hate those who differ from my opinions.
I don't care if I kill. We all die eventually... right?
Don't get on my bad side. If you do... Well, just watch out, OK?
I am always smug and self centred.
I make a joke out of everything.
I speak very loudly, and have a tendency to yell.
Once I set my mind on something, nothing can stop me, even a God.
I am extremely belligerent towards another race.
I dont' need help. Must I do everything myself?
No one appreciates me. I'm useless.
I am oblivious to my surroundings.
I can often too enamored with alcohol.
I have a really bad habit I can't break.
I won't let myself feel emotions.
I can't let others see my inner turmoil.
I am extremely blunt, and have no tact whatsoever.
I have been cursed, but nobody can know.
I don't like to fully commit myself unless the odds are overwhelmingly in my favour.
I have dyslexia; I find it difficult to read and write.
I am fanatical about my goal or ambition.
Once I start something, I must see it out to the end.
I flirt with everyone. And everything.
If can't help eating everything in sight.
Deep down, I know I only do this for the thrill.
I am extremely erratic in my behavior.
I am the worst hypocrite I've ever met.
We speak in the third person, which can be confusing.
I am idealistic: Everything has a good side.
I am the definition of pessimistic.
I am slow to make new relationships.
I am very impatient. I must have everything immediately.
I am immature, childish, and I don't care.
I take forever to make decisions under pressure.
I have a really bad reputation where I come from
I have a bounty on my head for a crime I didn't commit.
I blamed some one else for a crime, and now they are dead.
I am always ready to run away for my friends.
My first instinct is to hide.
I am judgemental about everyone
I am really clumsy, and really embarased about it.
I talk to myself when i'm alone
I can speak to animals. Or, at least I think I can.
I can't stand the sight of blood.
I hate speaking. It's so... restricted.
I am annoyingly sarcastic.
I am terse and blunt, and only speak when necessary.
I follow my own whims.
I involve myself in everything.
Something terrible happened to me. I tell everyone.
No one wants to know my real story, so I make up a new one each time.
I'm a coward, but I hide it under a guise of arrogance.
I am secretly corrupt, and care only about money., butI want to be better.
Happiness can buy you money. If you sell other people's happiness, that is.
I never start a fair fight.
My favour, once lost, is lost forever.
I have been scarred by an event, and I have trying to forget it for years.
I am a high functioning psycopath.
I am so Naive, I think Owlbears are cuddly.
I am infatuated with magic, and want more of it desperately.
I hate using violence, but I force myself to.
No one can hate you if they don't like you in the first place.
I exaggerate everything, especially pain.
Life is suffering. The only way to end it is to sever all material attachments.
I only carry the bare minimum to survive.
Good deeds are only repaid with bad ones.
In the end, we all die. Nothing we do matters. So what's the point?
When all seems lost, It probably is, so just give up.
I always see the best in people. Everyone is redeemable.
I will protect my friends with my life, even if they don't need protecting.
I have an intense fear of something.
I am predictable and prone to routines.
I don't have time for pity.
I enjoy inflicting misery on others, whether social, emotional, or physical.
I am sceptical of anything I didn't make or come up with.
I often lose my train of thought mid sentence.
Absent-minded - Preoccupied to the extent of being unaware of one’s immediate surroundings. Abstracted, daydreaming, inattentive, oblivious, forgetful.
Abusive - Characterized by improper infliction of physical or psychological maltreatment towards another.
Addict - One who is addicted to a compulsive activity. Examples: gambling, drugs, sex.
Aimless - Devoid of direction or purpose.
Alcoholic - A person who drinks alcoholic substances habitually and to excess.
Anxious - Full of mental distress or uneasiness because of fear of danger or misfortune; greatly worried; solicitous.
Arrogant - Having or displaying a sense of overbearing self-worth or self-importance. Inclined to social exclusiveness and who rebuff the advances of people considered inferior. Snobbish.
Audacious - Recklessly bold in defiance of convention, propriety, law, or the like; insolent; braze, disobedient.
Bad Habit - A revolting personal habit. Examples: picks nose, spits tobacco, drools, bad body odour.
Bigmouth - A loud-mouthed or gossipy person.
Bigot - One who is strongly partial to one’s own group, religion, race, or politics and is intolerant of those who differ.
Blunt - Characterized by directness in manner or speech; without subtlety or evasion. Frank, callous, insensitive, brusque.
Bold - In a bad sense, too forward; taking undue liberties; over assuming or confident; lacking proper modesty or restraint; rude; impudent. Abrupt, brazen, cheeky, brassy, audacious.
Callous - They are hardened to emotions, rarely showing any form of it in expression. Unfeeling. Cold.
Childish - Marked by or indicating a lack of maturity; puerile.
Complex - An exaggerated or obsessive concern or fear. (List specific complex.)
Cruel - Mean to anyone or anything, without care or regard to consequences and feelings.
Cursed - A person who has befallen a prayer for evil or misfortune, placed under a spell, or borne into an evil circumstance, and suffers for it. Damned.
Dependent - Unable to exist, sustain oneself, or act appropriately or normally without the assistance or direction of another.
Deranged - Mentally decayed. Insane. Crazy. Mad. Psychotic.
Dishonest – Given to or using fraud, cheating; deceitful, deceptive, crooked, underhanded.
Disloyal - Lacking loyalty. Unfaithful, perfidious, traitorous, treasonable
Disorder - An ailment that affects the function of mind or body. (List the disorders name if they have one.) See the Mental Disorder List.
Disturbed - Showing some or a few signs or symptoms of mental or emotional illness. Confused, disordered, neurotic, troubled.
Dubious - Fraught with uncertainty or doubt. Undecided, doubtful, unsure.
Dyslexic - Affected by dyslexia, a learning disorder marked by impairment of the ability to recognize and comprehend written words.
Egotistical - Characteristic of those having an inflated idea of their own importance. Boastful, pompous.
Envious - Showing extreme cupidity; painfully desirous of another’s advantages; covetous, jealous.
Erratic - Deviating from the customary course in conduct or opinion; eccentric: erratic behaviour. Eccentric, bizarre, outlandish, strange.
Fanatical - Fanatic outlook or behaviour especially as exhibited by excessive enthusiasm, unreasoning zeal, or wild and extravagant notions on some subject.
Fickle – Erratic, changeable, unstable - especially with regard to affections or attachments; capricious.
Fierce - Marked by extreme intensity of emotions or convictions; inclined to react violently; fervid.
Finicky - Excessively particular or fastidious; difficult to please; fussy. Too much concerned with detail. Meticulous, fastidious, choosy, critical, picky, prissy, pernickety.
Fixated - In psychoanalytic theory, a strong attachment to a person or thing, especially such an attachment formed in childhood or infancy and manifested in immature or neurotic behaviour that persists throughout life. Fetish, quirk, obsession, infatuation.
Flirt -To make playfully romantic or sexual overtures; behaviour intended to arouse sexual interest. Minx. Tease.
Gluttonous - Given to excess in consumption of especially food or drink. Voracious, ravenous, wolfish, piggish, insatiable.
Gruff - Brusque or stern in manner or appearance. Crusty, rough, surly.
Gullible - Will believe any information given, regardless of how valid or truthful it is, easily deceived or duped.
Hard - A person who is difficult to deal with, manage, control, overcome, or understand. Hard emotions, hard hearted.
Hedonistic - Pursuit of or devotion to pleasure, especially to the pleasures of the senses.
Hoity-toity- Given to flights of fancy; capricious; frivolous. Prone to giddy behaviour, flighty.
Humourless - The inability to find humour in things, and most certainly in themselves.
Hypocritical - One who is always contradicting their own beliefs, actions or sayings. A person who professes beliefs and opinions for others that he does not hold. Being a hypocrite.
Idealist - One whose conduct is influenced by ideals that often conflict with practical considerations. One who is unrealistic and impractical, guided more by ideals than by practical considerations.
Idiotic - Marked by a lack of intelligence or care; foolish or careless.
Ignorant - Lacking knowledge or information as to a particular subject or fact. Showing or arising from a lack of education or knowledge.
Illiterate - Unable to read and write.
Immature - Emotionally undeveloped; juvenile; childish.
Impatient - Unable to wait patiently or tolerate delay; restless. Unable to endure irritation or opposition; intolerant.
Impious - Lacking piety and reverence for a god/gods and their followers.
Impish - Naughtily or annoyingly playful.
Incompetent - Unable to execute tasks, no matter how the size or difficulty.
Indecisive - Characterized by lack of decision and firmness, especially under pressure.
Indifferent - The trait of lacking enthusiasm for or interest in things generally, remaining calm and seeming not to care; a casual lack of concern. Having or showing little or no interest in anything; languid; spiritless.
Infamy - Having an extremely bad reputation, public reproach, or strong condemnation as the result of a shameful, criminal, or outrageous act that affects how others view them.
Intolerant - Unwilling to tolerate difference of opinion and narrow-minded about cherished opinions.
Judgemental - Inclined to make and form judgements, especially moral or personal ones, based on one’s own opinions or impressions towards others/practices/groups/religions based on appearance, reputation, occupation, etc.
Klutz - Clumsy. Blunderer.
Lazy - Resistant to work or exertion; disposed to idleness.
Lewd - Inclined to, characterized by, or inciting to lust or lechery; lascivious. Obscene or indecent, as language or songs; salacious.
Liar - Compulsively and purposefully tells false truths more often than not. A person who has lied or who lies repeatedly.
Lustful - Driven by lust; preoccupied with or exhibiting lustful desires.
Masochist - The deriving of sexual gratification, or the tendency to derive sexual gratification, from being physically or emotionally abused. A willingness or tendency to subject oneself to unpleasant or trying experiences.
Meddlesome - Intrusive in a meddling or offensive manner, given to meddling; interfering.
Meek - Evidencing little spirit or courage; overly submissive or compliant; humble in spirit or manner; suggesting retiring mildness or even cowed submissiveness.
Megalomaniac - A psycho pathological condition characterized by delusional fantasies of wealth, power, or omnipotence.
Naïve - Lacking worldly experience and understanding, simple and guileless; showing or characterized by a lack of sophistication and critical judgement.
Nervous - Easily agitated or distressed; high-strung or jumpy.
Non-violent - Abstaining from the use of violence.
Nosey - Given to prying into the affairs of others; snoopy. Offensively curious or inquisitive.
Obsessive - An unhealthy and compulsive preoccupation with something or someone.
Oppressor - A person of authority who subjects others to undue pressures, to keep down by severe and unjust use of force or authority.
Overambitious - Having a strong excessive desire for success or achievement.
Overconfident - Excessively confident; presumptuous.
Overemotional - Excessively or abnormally emotional. Sensitive about themselves and others, more so than the average person.
Overprotective - To protect too much; coddle.
Overzealous - Marked by excessive enthusiasm for and intense devotion to a cause or idea.
Pacifist - Opposition to war or violence as a means of resolving disputes. (Can double as a merit in certain cases)
Paranoid - Exhibiting or characterized by extreme and irrational fear or distrust of others.
Peevish - Expressing fretfulness and discontent, or unjustifiable dissatisfaction. Cantankerous, cross, ill-tempered, testy, captious, discontented, crotchety, cranky, ornery.
Perfectionist - A propensity for being displeased with anything that is not perfect or does not meet extremely high standards.
Pessimist - A tendency to stress the negative or unfavourable or to take the gloomiest possible view.
Pest - One that pesters or annoys, with or without realizing it. Nuisance. Annoying. Nag.
Phobic – They have a severe form of fear when it comes to this one thing. Examples: Dark, Spiders, Cats
Practical - Level-headed, efficient, and unspeculative. No-nonsense.
Predictable - Easily seen through and assessable, where almost anyone can predict reactions and actions of said person by having met or known them even for a short time.
Proud - Filled with or showing excessive self-esteem and will often shirk help from others for the sake of pride.
Rebellious - Defying or resisting some established authority, government, or tradition; insubordinate; inclined to rebel.
Reckless - Heedless. Headstrong. Foolhardy. Unthinking boldness, wild carelessness and disregard for consequences.
Remorseless - Without remorse; merciless; pitiless; relentless.
Rigorous - Rigidly accurate; allowing no deviation from a standard; demanding strict attention to rules and procedures.
Sadist - The deriving of sexual gratification or the tendency to derive sexual gratification from inflicting pain or emotional abuse on others. Deriving of pleasure, or the tendency to derive pleasure, from cruelty.
Sadomasochist - Both sadist and masochist combined.
Sarcastic - A subtle form of mockery in which an intended meaning is conveyed obliquely.
Sceptic - One who instinctively or habitually doubts, questions, or disagrees with assertions or generally accepted conclusions.
Seducer - To lead others astray, as from duty, rectitude, or the like; corrupt. To attempt to lead or draw someone away, as from principles, faith, or allegiance.
Selfish - Concerned chiefly or only with oneself.
Self-Martyr - One who purposely makes a great show of suffering in order to arouse sympathy from others, as a form of manipulation, and always for a selfish cause or reason.
Self-righteous - Piously sure of one’s own righteousness; moralistic. Exhibiting pious self-assurance. Holier-than-thou, sanctimonious.
Senile - Showing a decline or deterioration of physical strength or mental functioning, esp. short-term memory and alertness, as a result of old age or disease.
Shallow - Lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.
Smart Ass - Thinks they know it all, and in some ways they may, but they can be greatly annoying and difficult to deal with at times, especially in arguments.
Soft-hearted - Having softness or tenderness of heart that can lead them into trouble; susceptible of pity or other kindly affection. They cannot resist helping someone they see in trouble, suffering or in need, and often don’t think of the repercussions or situation before doing so.
Solemn - Deeply earnest, serious, and sober.
Spineless - Lacking courage. Cowardly, wimp, lily-livered, gutless.
Spiteful - Showing malicious ill will and a desire to hurt; motivated by spite; vindictive person who will look for occasions for resentment. Vengeful.
Spoiled - Treated with excessive indulgence and pampering from earliest childhood, and has no notion of hard work, self-care or money management; coddled, pampered. Having the character or disposition harmed by pampering or over-solicitous attention.
Squeamish - Excessively fastidious and easily disgusted.
Stubborn - Unreasonably, often perversely unyielding; bull-headed. Firmly resolved or determined; resolute.
Superstitious - An irrational belief arising from ignorance or fear from an irrational belief that an object, action, or circumstance not logically related to a course of events influences its outcome.
Tactless - Lacking or showing a lack of what is fitting and considerate in dealing with others.
Temperamental - Moody, irritable, or sensitive. Excitable, volatile, emotional.
Theatrical - Having a flair for over dramatizing situations, doing things in a ‘big way’ and love to be ‘centre stage’.
Timid -Tends to be shy and/or quiet, shrinking away from offering opinions or from strangers and newcomers, fearing confrontations and violence.
Tongue-tied - Speechless or confused in expression, as from shyness, embarrassment, or astonishment.
Troublemaker - Someone who deliberately stirs up trouble, intentionally or unintentionally.
Unlucky - Marked by or causing misfortune; ill-fated. Destined for misfortune; doomed.
Unpredictable - Difficult to foretell or foresee, their actions are so chaotic it’s impossible to know what they are going to do next.
Untrustworthy - Not worthy of trust or belief. Backstabber.
Vain - Holding or characterized by an unduly high opinion of their physical appearance. Lovers of themselves. Conceited, egotistic, narcissistic.
Weak-willed - Lacking willpower, strength of will to carry out one’s decisions, wishes, or plans. Easily swayed.
Withdrawn - Not friendly or Sociable. Aloof.
Zealous - A fanatic.
